Update READMEs (#869)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Route & Directions/Route around barriers/README.md

# Route around barriers

Find a route that reaches all stops without crossing any barriers.

![Route around barriers](route-around-barriers-1.png)
![Directions for route around barriers](route-around-barriers-2.png)

## Use case

You can define barriers to avoid unsafe areas, for example flooded roads, when planning the most efficient route to evacuate a hurricane zone. When solving a route, barriers allow you to define portions of the road network that cannot be traversed. You could also use this functionality to plan routes when you know an area will be inaccessible due to a community activity like an organized race or a market night.

In some situations, it is further beneficial to find the most efficient route that reaches all stops, reordering them to reduce travel time. For example, a delivery service may target a number of drop-off addresses, specifically looking to avoid congested areas or closed roads, arranging the stops in the most time-effective order.

## How to use the sample

> Tap 'Add stop' to add stops to the route. Tap 'Add barrier' to add areas that can't be crossed by the route. Tap 'Route' to find the route and display it. Tap the settings button to toggle preferences like find the best sequence or preserve the first or last stop. Additionally, tap the directions button to view a list of the directions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tap "Add stop" to add stops to the route. Tap "Add barrier" to add areas that can't be crossed by the route. Tap "Route" to find the route and display it. Tap the settings button to toggle preferences like find the best sequence or preserve the first or last stop. Additionally, tap the directions button to view a list of the directions. 
```
Make quotes consistent.

    v. If the user has a definite start point, set `AGSRouteParameters.preserveFirstStop` to `true`.
    vi. If the user has a definite final destination, set `AGSRouteParameters.preserveLastStop` to `true`.
6. Calculate and display the route.
    i. Call `AGSRouteTask.solveRoute(with:completion:)` to get an `AGSRouteResult`.
    ii. Get the first returned route by calling `AGSRouteResult.routes.first()`.
    iii. Get the geometry from the route as a polyline by accessing the `routeGeometry` property.
    iv. Create a graphic from the polyline and a simple line symbol.
    v. Display the steps on the route, available from `directionManeuvers`.

## Relevant API

* AGSDirectionManeuver
* AGSPolygonBarrier
* AGSRoute
* AGSRoute.directionManeuvers
* AGSRoute.routeGeometry
* AGSRouteParameters.clearPolygonBarriers
* AGSRouteParameters.findBestSequence
* AGSRouteParameters.preserveFirstStop
* AGSRouteParameters.preserveLastStop
* AGSRouteParameters.returnDirections
* AGSRouteParameters.returnStops
* AGSRouteParameters.setPolygonBarriers
* AGSRouteResult
* AGSRouteResult.routes
* AGSRouteTask
* AGSStop

> * AGSStop.Name

Reviewer: This is rendered as a URL on the website.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9660181/84833023-3af82780-afe3-11ea-98d8-4612b402c7b2.png)
Maybe we should inform the docs team to change their rendering patterns?

Author: Perhaps, but the symbol is also incorrect. There is no type named `Name` nested under `AGSStop`. This most likely is referring to the `name` property on `AGSStop`, in which case it should be `AGSStop.name`.
